Are coverages proper?
Coverage not opened timely
Coverage exposure missed
Coverage opened in error
Coverage not closed timely
Is coverage determination proper and timely?
Depreciation proper (RC vs ACV)
Policy limits applied correctly
Policy Conditions/Endorsement/Exclusions identified and applied properly
Correct deductible application based on peril
Timely coverage investigation
Were reserves adjusted timely and based on damages?
Adjustments should be made as new information is received.
Reserves should be adjusted within the set guidelines (timeliness)
Reserve practices can be expense and loss reserves
Are contacts proper?
Timely initial contact
If not contact, did we follow the process for contact attempts to reach the insured.
Meaningful contacts
Did we have a meaningful contact to help move the claim forward?
Follow ups timely
Did we schedule a follow up that the insured agreed to or per the guideline? 
Is the follow up scheduled too far out based on the claim details?
Third parties not contacted
Did we reach out to vendors, contractors, etc.. to obtain what we need to move the claim forward.
Was mitigation proper (if applicable)?
We should identify and offer mitigation services
We should engage in meaningful conversations with the vendors to ensure work performed aligns with the covered damages.
Invoices submitted should be handled timely
Mitigation should not have been set up because there is no coverage
Loss investigation proper and timely?
Photos/video missing or insufficient
Cause of loss not determined
SIU referral not submitted when necessary
Prior loss review incomplete
Claim transferred to a new adjuster and evaluation was not timely
Investigation untimely
Claim transferred to a new adjuster and evaluation was not timely
Method of inspection was incorrect or determining proper method of inspection was untimely
An example of this is if a claim goes to an inside adjuster to handle structure for what is initially thought to be a small loss, but after review it is a large loss that warrants an outside adjuster.  The inside adjuster should transfer the claim to the proper adjuster for handling.
Another example is an inside adjuster receives a claim they can handle without an inspection, but the guidelines require photos due to the amount of damage.  If we did not request photos, that could be an incorrect method of inspection.
Damage evaluation timely and accurate?  Did we address all known damages?
Estimate uploaded to the system (Xact)
Depreciation shown on the estimate
Roof process form completed properly
Did not develop a full scope
Damage assessment is inaccurate
Evaluation is not timely
State requirements not followed
Did not handle the vendor estimate correctly
Was ALE handled properly?
Did we obtain normal expenses
Was Claim Xperience used
Did we manage the duration of the ALE and type of accommodation
Were payments proper and timely?
Payment matches the estimate
Payment was issued timely
Payment was coded per guidelines 
Payees are correct
Were required letters sent?
Denial
CWP
Under deductible
Replacement Cost/ACV 
Mold 
Subro and salvage
Was subro and salvage identified and referred per the process
If not subro or salvage is the file documented properly